---
title: Internal Email - Global Workation Program 2025 Update
sourceType: internal_email
date: 2025-01-14
jurisdiction: Global
language: en
register: informal_internal
format: txt
---

From: Clara Vance <clara.vance@company.com>
To: All Employees <all-staff@company.com>
Date: Tuesday, January 14, 2025 at 09:30 AM
Subject: Exciting People Ops Update: Our New 2025 Global Workation Program is Officially Live!

Hi everyone,

Happy New Year! Following extensive feedback from our global employee engagement surveys and our retrospectives late last year, we are thrilled to announce that our updated Global Flexible Work & International Workation Policy is now officially live in Workday!

We know how vital flexibility is to our distributed team, whether you want to extend a vacation, escape the winter cold, or spend meaningful time with family and friends abroad without having to burn through all your annual vacation balance.

Here are the key takeaways you need to know about the new program:

30 Workation Days a Year: We have officially tripled our work-from-abroad allowance from 10 days to 30 working days per rolling 12 months! You can take them all in one go (up to 6 full weeks) or break them up across multiple trips throughout the year.

Ready Right After Probation: The restrictive 1-year waiting period is officially gone. As long as you’ve cleared your initial 3-month probation period and are in good standing, you are eligible to book a workation immediately.

Much Faster Approvals: You no longer need to plan two months in advance or chase down department VPs for executive sign-off. You just need to submit your request in Workday at least 14 days before you depart, and it only needs your direct manager’s approval. Once your manager approves, People Ops will automatically review your ticket and issue your EU/A1 social security confirmation behind the scenes.

Comprehensive Company Health Coverage: You do NOT have to purchase third-party medical insurance out of pocket for your workation days. All approved workation periods are fully covered under our global emergency business medical insurance with Allianz, including medical consultations, hospitalization, and emergency assistance abroad. (Just make sure you grab your own personal travel insurance for any non-working vacation days you tack on!).

Where Can You Go? You can travel to more than 45 approved countries—including anywhere in the EU/EEA (like Spain, Italy, Portugal, Germany, France), the UK, and Switzerland—as long as you have existing citizenship or legal authorization to work in that country.

To submit your request, simply head over to Workday > Requests > International Workation Request, fill in your travel dates and destination, and submit it for your manager's review.

If you have any questions or want to check whether a specific destination is on our approved list, please reach out to the People Ops team at peopleops@company.com or drop into our weekly Thursday HR Ask-Me-Anything!

Pack your laptop, stay connected, and safe travels!

Best regards,

Clara Vance (she/her)
VP, Global People Operations & Talent
People Experience Team | London HQ
